Update installation pages (#1273)
PelicanPlatform/pelican: docs/pages/install/macos.mdx

This document explains how to install Pelican on macOS.

## Install Pelican as a standalone binary

1. Navigate to [Pelican download page](../install.mdx) and select the Pelican macOS binary you want to install.

> 2. In **Operating System** section, select **macOS**. In **Architectures** section, select **AMD64** or **ARM64** depending on the architecture of your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Operating System** section, select **macOS**. In **Architectures** section, select **AMD64** or **ARM64** depending on the architecture of your machine.
```

    ```

5. The above command extracted the binary from the tar file. You may run the binary in the current folder, but it is recommended that you add Pelican binary to your `PATH` environment variable to allow `pelican` to be called directly from your command line.

    * Run Pelican binary from the download folder:

    ```bash
    $ cd pelican_Darwin_arm64 # Go to the binary folder
    $ ./pelican --version # Run Pelican binary

    Version: 7.5.8
    Build Date: 2024-03-01T18:13:00Z
    Build Commit: d260a07d3b057d19b7fdd36125f91a8768531258
    Built By: goreleaser
    ```

    * Add Pelican binary to your `PATH` for the current terminal

    ```bash
    $ cd pelican_Darwin_arm64 # Go to the binary folder
    $ export PATH=$PWD:$PATH # Add current folder to the PATH
    $ pelican --version # Run Pelican binary

    Version: 7.5.8
    Build Date: 2024-03-01T18:13:00Z
    Build Commit: d260a07d3b057d19b7fdd36125f91a8768531258
    Built By: goreleaser
    ```

    * Add Pelican binary to your `PATH` permanently

    ```bash
    $ cd pelican_Darwin_arm64 # Go to the binary folder
    $ echo 'export PATH=$PWD:$PATH' >> ~/.bashrc # Add the current folder to your .bashrc file

>     $ source ~/.bashrc # Apply the change

Reviewer 2: My mac says the default shell is now `zsh`. Are changes to `~/.bashrc` picked up by zsh, or do we need to include an additional set of instructions? (the only difference would be adding it to `~/.zshrc` instead)

Author: Thanks for reminding me! I'll do `~/.zshrc` instead. I copied that from Linux but I think macOS uses zsh years ago so I'll default to zsh

    Built By: goreleaser
    ```

  * Add Pelican binary to your `PATH` permanently

    ```bash
    $ cd pelican_Darwin_arm64 # Go to the binary folder

>     $ echo 'export PATH=$PWD:$PATH' >> ~/.zshrc # Add the current folder to your .zshrc file

Reviewer 3: See note in `linux_binary.mdx` for more information.

```suggestion
    $ echo "export PATH=$PWD:\$PATH" >> ~/.zshrc # Add the current folder to your .zshrc file
```

Might want someone to test that this works as expected.
